---
title: Admonitions
date: 2020-11-11
description: Use admonitions to capture the reader’s attention.
meta:
  - name: "og:description"
    content: Admonitions
  - name: keywords
    content: Admonitions
tags:
  - Admonitions
---

<Header/>

---

Admonitions stand out from the main body of text to capture the reader’s attention on something important.
For their nature, they break the reading flow and are perceived as a distraction by readers.

This is why they should be used only when it is necessary.

::: notice Newton's First Law
In an inertial frame of reference, an object either remains at rest or continues to m
:::

**Do not overuse admonitions**.<br>
If they appear frequently, the reader will think that they don't contain important information, so they will skip them.

When you use them, keep these recommendations in mind:

- If the admonition is about a specific step, place it inside the step.
- If the admonition is generic about a topic, place it at the beginning of the topic.
- If the admonition is a generic consideration after a series of steps, place it at the end of the topic.
- Never start a section with an admonition.
- Never place two admonitions next to each other.
- Don't nest admonitions.

## Admonition types

Use three admonition types: Notes, Warnings, and Best Practices.

## Tip

Also known as "best practice" or "hint", it conveys the possibility to enhance the user experience by implementing the recommendations it contains.

:::tip Tip
This is a "tip" admonition, use it to give recommendations and best practices that will enhance the user experience.
:::

Hm ...
